Changing CI explanation (#233)
r-devel/rdevguide: README.md

## Technical details

> Deployment is done via GitHub Actions (as defined [here](https://github.com/r-devel/rdevguide/tree/main/.github/workflows)):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment is done via GitHub Actions, as specified in the [publish.yml](https://github.com/r-devel/rdevguide/blob/main/.github/workflows/publish.yml) workflow:
```

> - whenever there's a push to main, the book is built and its content is put in the `docs` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- whenever there's a push to main, the book is built and its content is put on the `gh-pages` branch, triggering the github-pages bot to deploy to <https://contributor.r-project.org/rdevguide/> .
```
